Tasks on November 6, 2017
1. Move the date handler function to a helper. 
2. Debug birthdate for Create Person
3. Implement the Location data model so that the new location document stores
basic Google Maps API information, such as Lat, Long, and mailing address.  


Goals for June 7, Pair Programming with Carlos Diez:
1. Load People associated with an Organization in the People Tab.
2. Add People associate with an Organization from the People Tab.


Refactoring:
1. Implement the refactor "makeTable" as completed for components/organizations.js 
2. Create an API app and seperate it from the React app.  
3. Implement a testing system and get to 100% test coverage on the API.



Strategy:

1. When a User signs up, they will be creating their User account as well as a Person object in the Persons/People collection.  

2. Users will need the ability to add a person with an associated organization (autocomplete or create new) and contact (create new), and each contact will have an associated location (autocomplete or create new).  

3. Users will need the ability to add an Organization with associated People, Contacts and Locations.
3.a When users enter a location, it should ping the Google Maps API to populate the database with the latitude, longitude, the placeID, and other longer forms of data.

4. Users will need to add Interactions of type from enum with People and/or Organizations, and may add a location.  

Options:

1. How do we get off Mongoose and Mongo and try Postgres or Arango?  

DevOps:

1. Do we need the createServer and tearDownServer functions like in Thinkful?  

2. Test data needs to be created for Person, Organization, Contact, Location, and Interaction.  

3. Tests need to be created for all controllers, particularly Person, Organization, Contact, Location, and Interaction.  



SNAPSHOT.SAVE
Users will try to input DataPoints into a Snapshot, and the actual numbers and
data needs to be saved somehow.
For example, a user will want to save a Snapshot for an Organization, and wants
to include 6 DataPoints.  For all six DataPoints, there will be a quantity, such
as $1,000,000 in Trailing Twelve Month's Revenue
